what up Long Beach welcome back to the
set sports.com it's JJ and Mike and
Tyler and the CIF championship game is
brought to you by Naples rib company the
last chance power drive for 2013 CIF
Division 2 girls soccer
it's the ship Long Beach Wilson and
sunnyhills the Bruins here for the
second time in three years taking on the
top seeded Lancers Wilson Bruins have
had a phenomenal team driven running
through these playoffs with some
thrilling victories including that
stunner in the semifinals over great oak
and they are taking on that top seed at
black-and-yellow sunnyhills led by
Merivale Morales in the midfield wearing
number nine she's got her dancing shoes
on ready to go to work in this
championship game from the first whistle
Wilson was on the front foot it was
against a sagging Lancer defense and
that made it a lot easier but first to
the ball was Wilson nearly every time
why they really were on top of every
50/50 ball Gary Osan the end line of men
Quinn trout bridge gets crowd coming in
froze that hood and doing a great job
there defensively but off on offense not
a lot of teeth in these attacks for
either side yep they were gumming it up
a little bit no shots on goal in the
first half there were five shots for
Wilson as Skelly goes wide here to earn
a quarter kick the best chances for both
teams were on the set piece and for
Wilson it came in two corners
the Bruins obviously with their superior
height want to earn those corners though
they have a chance to get the head on it
but in the 22nd and 32nd minute both of
them came up wanting for sunnyhills
that's their exact name they're used to
scoring off the set pieces so that's
what they were looking for best chance
for the Lancers was a long volley this
one gonna end up a foul committed
against samantha moreno in goal and we
go to halftime scoreless Jeff Gordon and
Dalton Coffman tried to get their teams
all revved up hurry go to the second
half and sunnyhills actually had the
first chance of the second 40 Morales
plays it back to Hansen but as she has
been all playoffs Moreno where she needs
to be with the punch always so nails
you're right JJ knows where to be the
breakthrough in the 44th Maddy green
tremendous skill oh and then the shot
safe oats in immediately sunnyhills
starts to ask for hey did she just
that out of all goalkeepers hands and
yeah it don't look like that at first
button reverse it here great play by
Madi first of all certainly obviously
shown in the replay goalie never had
full control of it
oats I mean great rebounding is how you
win championships and that is a
phenomenal goal from clear oats I mean
for any goalkeeper it's difficult to
deal with ball and oats one mill Wilson
forty fourth they can start to feel it
got to protect that lead with possession
it was Reinhardt leading the way at the
midfield and then just minutes after
that goal there's a handball right here
on sunny hill so they are on their heels
bruins already again as we seen knocking
at a second chance to put this thing
away really but ryan Arnez ago
sure-handed save right there the Lancers
back on their heels Wilson just
sacrificing the body don't necessarily
want to say they want it more but it
definitely looked that way
there was a plenty of contact in that
second forty but the Bruins did look
like the field was slanted in their
favor
Morales keeping on ticking at the
midfield but great stop there from
vulgaris amazing defensive back line
play for the Bruins best shot and a
Lancer answer came off set pieces and
long throws Mike you mentioned it
earlier that's how they've won games
they grind it out they take early leads
however a lot of chances left wanting
sunnyhills came up with six shots
however only one of them on frame in the
second half Mirabel just left on a rung
it was not the day for the girls in
black meanwhile at the other end
I mean Bruins with that high soccer IQ
running the clock out
tick tick mad city that's just heads up
right there Maddie Greg taking it to the
corner and just hanging out this meal
I'm you know let's keep the ball down
here that's where we want it as the
clock just winds away on a victory and
there's the final seconds tick off I
mean you got to hug somebody you are a
champion the Wilson Bruins absolutely
achieve the goal they had from the first
practice of this season winner winner
fit me for my ring dinner one nil yet
another one goal victory by this team
this bro his team that Mike mentioned it
just a bunch of teammates out there
no one player thriving night all the way
home but but everybody playing a huge
role from the back
bench to the captain's everybody has a
piece of this championship including
Dalton Kaufman who came back and in his
first year back in the brew and maroon
he's putting the Patronus max he set
quite the standard for himself if he
come in your first year when I see I
have championship obviously they're not
done with state around the corner but
wow what a great way to do it the first
year for him in that Wilson certainly
the nicest moment to end a season on it
and it's time I mention the seasons not
quite over but anytime you can waste
that plaque and pass it around and then
here you see the captain's bringing it
to the crowd as I was looking at that
pot pile I was thinking you guys better
be careful because they could have as
many as three games next week in that
state regional bracket this Wilson
Bruins soccer program has really taken
leaps and bounds since Dalton Kauffman
and Jason Kirkwood took over a few years
back they wouldn't have some
championship back in 2007 they've gone
to this championship game three of the
last seven years that's something to
build on we'll see if they can do that
this week in state this highlight
brought to you by McCarty's jewelry here
for you since 1932 and always happy to
sponsor a video that features some
jewelry that's right jewelry here maybe
some jewelry in the future like we said
state playoffs start this week to find
that schedule you stay right here at
Gazette sports comm because we are long
beach sports and Wilson soccer we've got
one more question how do you feel right
now